locals 264 to treat some under eye dark
blue veins that can contribute to dark
circles under the eye and on the temple
in order to protect her eyes what we're
doing the procedure we're gonna put in
some metal eyes channels first minutes
of numbing eyedrops just like at the
high doctor
maybe the family your feet
as we treat robbins would immediately
apply ice back after to make sure Makiki
spin cool you will notice a little spray
immediately before and after a laser
beam that cools the skin as well I think
we're going to start right underneath
so we see an immediate contraction at
the blood vessel that's pretty cool this
right here just a little bit
he said this pair mm-hmm
pretty immediate results
you can't get bruising from this and
little swelling not every time you get
bruising but I have every patient being
prepared for one little
we just take our time doing that so
unlike other laser procedures where it's
depth at that zap we have to kind of
take our time because this big target
here was it gets heated up it can cause
some damage to the skin so this should
only be done by someone who's very
experienced in laser treatments and
should only be done with the corrective
protective eye here in place and we
can't get every single one it typically
takes two treatments to get very good
nice
take that a night shield now you just
feel a little pressure
Julie how was that easy
and same thing over here so if you have
contact lenses we have to take those out
with these in thanks 1 Middleton oqz but
it can show up later if a bruise does
happen it typically will last about a
week